.TH "ActionImpl" 3 "13 Sep 2002" "Action Java Compiler Runtime" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ActionImpl \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBDatumImpl\fP, and \fBAction\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBAbstractInfixCombinator\fP, \fBAbstractPrefixCombinator\fP, and \fBProvide\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEnactable\fP \fBgetEnactable\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBData\fP \fBenact\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBgiveThen\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBgiveAndThen\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBgiveAnd\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBgiveExceptionally\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBgiveAndExceptionally\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBgiveOtherwise\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBgiveHence\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBgiveIndivisibly\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEnactable\fP \fBenactableValue\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBData\fP \fBenact\fP () throws \fBExceptional\fP, \fBFailed\fP, \fBUnfold\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBthen\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBandThen\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBand\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBexceptionally\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBandExceptionally\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBotherwise\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBhence\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBindivisibly\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrun\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEmpty\fP \fBequals\fP (\fBData\fP data) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::and (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAction\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file ActionImpl.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::andExceptionally (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAction\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file ActionImpl.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::andThen (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAction\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file ActionImpl.java.
.SS "\fBData\fP ActionImpl::enact ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAction\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file ActionImpl.java.
.SS "\fBData\fP ActionImpl::enact ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAction\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file AbstractAction.java.
.SS "\fBEnactable\fP ActionImpl::enactableValue ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAction\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file ActionImpl.java.
.SS "\fBEmpty\fP ActionImpl::equals (\fBData\fP data)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataValueImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file ActionImpl.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::exceptionally (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAction\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file ActionImpl.java.
.SS "\fBEnactable\fP ActionImpl::getEnactable ()"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file AbstractAction.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::giveAnd (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file AbstractAction.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::giveAndExceptionally (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file AbstractAction.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::giveAndThen (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file AbstractAction.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::giveExceptionally (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file AbstractAction.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::giveHence (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file AbstractAction.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::giveIndivisibly ()"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file AbstractAction.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::giveOtherwise (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file AbstractAction.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::giveThen (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file AbstractAction.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::hence (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAction\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file ActionImpl.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::indivisibly ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAction\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file ActionImpl.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::otherwise (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAction\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file ActionImpl.java.
.SS "void ActionImpl::run ()"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file ActionImpl.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP ActionImpl::then (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAction\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file ActionImpl.java.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Action Java Compiler Runtime from the source code.