.TH "DataValueImpl" 3 "13 Sep 2002" "Action Java Compiler Runtime" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DataValueImpl \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBDataImpl\fP, and \fBDataValue\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBDataConstImpl\fP, and \fBDatumImpl\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataValue\fP \fBfirst\fP () throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBData\fP \fBrest\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBList\fP \fBtupleToList\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBData\fP \fBconcat\fP (\fBData\fP data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataValue\fP \fBat\fP (int n) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEmpty\fP \fBequals\fP (\fBData\fP data) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataValueImpl\fP (\fBPureFactory\fP factory)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "DataValueImpl::DataValueImpl (\fBPureFactory\fP factory)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 9 of file DataValueImpl.java.
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBDataValue\fP DataValueImpl::at (int n)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataImpl\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBEmptyImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file DataValueImpl.java.
.SS "\fBData\fP DataValueImpl::concat (\fBData\fP data)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataImpl\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBEmptyImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file DataValueImpl.java.
.SS "\fBEmpty\fP DataValueImpl::equals (\fBData\fP data)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataValue\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBActionImpl\fP, \fBBoolImpl\fP, \fBIntImpl\fP, \fBListImpl\fP, and \fBTextImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file DataValueImpl.java.
.SS "\fBDataValue\fP DataValueImpl::first ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataImpl\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBEmptyImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 12 of file DataValueImpl.java.
.SS "\fBData\fP DataValueImpl::rest ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file DataValueImpl.java.
.SS "\fBList\fP DataValueImpl::tupleToList ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataImpl\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBEmptyImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file DataValueImpl.java.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Action Java Compiler Runtime from the source code.