.TH "DataImpl" 3 "13 Sep 2002" "Action Java Compiler Runtime" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DataImpl \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBData\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBDataValueImpl\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBData\fP \fBconcat\fP (\fBData\fP data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBList\fP \fBtupleToList\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataValue\fP \fBfirst\fP () throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBData\fP \fBrest\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataValue\fP \fBat\fP (int n) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBprovide\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBtoString\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataImpl\fP (\fBPureFactory\fP factory, \fBDataValue\fP first, \fBData\fP rest)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataImpl\fP (\fBPureFactory\fP factory)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataValue\fP \fB_first\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBData\fP \fB_rest\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "DataImpl::DataImpl (\fBPureFactory\fP factory, \fBDataValue\fP first, \fBData\fP rest)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 12 of file DataImpl.java.
.SS "DataImpl::DataImpl (\fBPureFactory\fP factory)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file DataImpl.java.
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBDataValue\fP DataImpl::at (int n)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBData\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBDataValueImpl\fP, and \fBEmptyImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file DataImpl.java.
.SS "\fBData\fP DataImpl::concat (\fBData\fP data)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBData\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBDataValueImpl\fP, and \fBEmptyImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file DataImpl.java.
.SS "\fBDataValue\fP DataImpl::first ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBData\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBDataValueImpl\fP, and \fBEmptyImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file DataImpl.java.
.SS "\fBAction\fP DataImpl::provide ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBData\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file DataImpl.java.
.SS "\fBData\fP DataImpl::rest ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBData\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBDataValueImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file DataImpl.java.
.SS "String DataImpl::toString ()"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBBindingsImpl\fP, \fBCellImpl\fP, \fBEmptyImpl\fP, \fBIntImpl\fP, \fBListImpl\fP, and \fBTokenImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file DataImpl.java.
.SS "\fBList\fP DataImpl::tupleToList ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBData\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBDataValueImpl\fP, and \fBEmptyImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file DataImpl.java.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBDataValue\fP DataImpl::_first\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 9 of file DataImpl.java.
.SS "\fBData\fP DataImpl::_rest\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 10 of file DataImpl.java.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Action Java Compiler Runtime from the source code.