.TH "IntImpl" 3 "13 Sep 2002" "Action Java Compiler Runtime" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
IntImpl \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBDatumImpl\fP, and \fBInt\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBintValue\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInt\fP \fBplus\fP (\fBInt\fP n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInt\fP \fBminus\fP (\fBInt\fP n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInt\fP \fBmonus\fP (\fBInt\fP n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInt\fP \fBtimes\fP (\fBInt\fP n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEmpty\fP \fBgreater\fP (\fBInt\fP n) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEmpty\fP \fBgreaterOrEq\fP (\fBInt\fP n) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEmpty\fP \fBless\fP (\fBInt\fP n) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEmpty\fP \fBlessOrEq\fP (\fBInt\fP n) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEmpty\fP \fBequals\fP (\fBData\fP data) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBtoString\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIntImpl\fP (\fBPureFactory\fP factory, long value)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "IntImpl::IntImpl (\fBPureFactory\fP factory, long value)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 10 of file IntImpl.java.
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBEmpty\fP IntImpl::equals (\fBData\fP data)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataValueImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file IntImpl.java.
.SS "\fBEmpty\fP IntImpl::greater (\fBInt\fP n)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBInt\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file IntImpl.java.
.SS "\fBEmpty\fP IntImpl::greaterOrEq (\fBInt\fP n)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBInt\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file IntImpl.java.
.SS "long IntImpl::intValue ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBInt\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file IntImpl.java.
.SS "\fBEmpty\fP IntImpl::less (\fBInt\fP n)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBInt\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file IntImpl.java.
.SS "\fBEmpty\fP IntImpl::lessOrEq (\fBInt\fP n)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBInt\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file IntImpl.java.
.SS "\fBInt\fP IntImpl::minus (\fBInt\fP n)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBInt\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file IntImpl.java.
.SS "\fBInt\fP IntImpl::monus (\fBInt\fP n)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBInt\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file IntImpl.java.
.SS "\fBInt\fP IntImpl::plus (\fBInt\fP n)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBInt\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file IntImpl.java.
.SS "\fBInt\fP IntImpl::times (\fBInt\fP n)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBInt\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file IntImpl.java.
.SS "String IntImpl::toString ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file IntImpl.java.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Action Java Compiler Runtime from the source code.