.TH "ListImpl" 3 "13 Sep 2002" "Action Java Compiler Runtime" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ListImpl \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBDatumImpl\fP, and \fBList\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataValue\fP \fBhead\fP () throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBList\fP \fBtail\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBList\fP \fBinsert\fP (\fBDataValue\fP dataValue)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBList\fP \fBappend\fP (\fBDataValue\fP dataValue)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBList\fP \fBconcat\fP (\fBList\fP list)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEmpty\fP \fBequals\fP (\fBData\fP data) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBtoString\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBList\fP ListImpl::append (\fBDataValue\fP dataValue)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBList\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file ListImpl.java.
.SS "\fBList\fP ListImpl::concat (\fBList\fP list)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBList\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file ListImpl.java.
.SS "\fBEmpty\fP ListImpl::equals (\fBData\fP data)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataValueImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file ListImpl.java.
.SS "\fBDataValue\fP ListImpl::head ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBList\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file ListImpl.java.
.SS "\fBList\fP ListImpl::insert (\fBDataValue\fP dataValue)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBList\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file ListImpl.java.
.SS "\fBList\fP ListImpl::tail ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBList\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file ListImpl.java.
.SS "String ListImpl::toString ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataImpl\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file ListImpl.java.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Action Java Compiler Runtime from the source code.