.TH "PureFactory" 3 "13 Sep 2002" "Action Java Compiler Runtime" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
PureFactory \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPureFactory\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInt\fP \fBmakeInt\fP (long n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBToken\fP \fBmakeToken\fP (String s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBool\fP \fBmakeBool\fP (boolean b)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMessageTag\fP \fBmakeMessageTag\fP (String s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBList\fP \fBmakeList0\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBList\fP \fBmakeList1\fP (\fBDataValue\fP dataValue)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBindings\fP \fBmakeNoBindings\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBindings\fP \fBmakeBindings\fP (\fBToken\fP token, \fBBindable\fP bindable)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAgent\fP \fBmakeAgent\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCell\fP \fBmakeCell\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEmpty\fP \fBmakeEmpty\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBData\fP \fBmakeTuple\fP (\fBDataValue\fP dataValue, \fBData\fP data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAction\fP \fBmakeAction\fP (\fBEnactable\fP enactable)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "PureFactory::PureFactory ()"
.PP
Definition at line 9 of file PureFactory.java.
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBAction\fP PureFactory::makeAction (\fBEnactable\fP enactable)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file PureFactory.java.
.SS "\fBAgent\fP PureFactory::makeAgent ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file PureFactory.java.
.SS "\fBBindings\fP PureFactory::makeBindings (\fBToken\fP token, \fBBindable\fP bindable)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file PureFactory.java.
.SS "\fBBool\fP PureFactory::makeBool (boolean b)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file PureFactory.java.
.PP
Referenced by BoolImpl::not().
.PP
.SS "\fBCell\fP PureFactory::makeCell ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file PureFactory.java.
.SS "\fBEmpty\fP PureFactory::makeEmpty ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file PureFactory.java.
.PP
Referenced by EmptyImpl::at(), DataValueImpl::at(), BindingsImpl::bound(), ActionImpl::enact(), TextImpl::equals(), ListImpl::equals(), IntImpl::equals(), DataValueImpl::equals(), BoolImpl::equals(), ActionImpl::equals(), EmptyImpl::first(), IntImpl::greater(), IntImpl::greaterOrEq(), ListImpl::head(), IntImpl::less(), IntImpl::lessOrEq(), and DataValueImpl::rest().
.PP
.SS "\fBInt\fP PureFactory::makeInt (long n)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file PureFactory.java.
.SS "\fBList\fP PureFactory::makeList0 ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file PureFactory.java.
.PP
Referenced by EmptyImpl::tupleToList().
.PP
.SS "\fBList\fP PureFactory::makeList1 (\fBDataValue\fP dataValue)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file PureFactory.java.
.PP
Referenced by DataValueImpl::tupleToList().
.PP
.SS "\fBMessageTag\fP PureFactory::makeMessageTag (String s)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file PureFactory.java.
.SS "\fBBindings\fP PureFactory::makeNoBindings ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file PureFactory.java.
.PP
Referenced by ActionImpl::enact().
.PP
.SS "\fBToken\fP PureFactory::makeToken (String s)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file PureFactory.java.
.SS "\fBData\fP PureFactory::makeTuple (\fBDataValue\fP dataValue, \fBData\fP data)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDataFactory\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file PureFactory.java.
.PP
Referenced by DataValueImpl::concat().
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Action Java Compiler Runtime from the source code.