.TH "Schedule" 3 "13 Sep 2002" "Action Java Compiler Runtime" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Schedule \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBScheduling\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized \fBEmpty\fP \fBsend\fP (\fBAgent\fP agent, \fBMessage\fP message, \fBMessageTag\fP messageTag) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized \fBMessage\fP \fBreceive\fP (\fBMessageTag\fP messageTag) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized \fBAgent\fP \fBactivate\fP (\fBAction\fP action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized \fBEmpty\fP \fBdeactivate\fP (\fBAgent\fP agent) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized \fBAgent\fP \fBcurrentAgent\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInt\fP \fBcurrentTime\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInt\fP \fBchooseNatural\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinitSchedule\fP (\fBDataFactory\fP factory)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Schedule \fBgetSchedule\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "synchronized \fBAgent\fP Schedule::activate (\fBAction\fP action)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBScheduling\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file Schedule.java.
.SS "\fBInt\fP Schedule::chooseNatural ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBScheduling\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file Schedule.java.
.SS "synchronized \fBAgent\fP Schedule::currentAgent ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBScheduling\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file Schedule.java.
.SS "\fBInt\fP Schedule::currentTime ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBScheduling\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file Schedule.java.
.SS "synchronized \fBEmpty\fP Schedule::deactivate (\fBAgent\fP agent)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBScheduling\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file Schedule.java.
.SS "Schedule Schedule::getSchedule ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file Schedule.java.
.SS "void Schedule::initSchedule (\fBDataFactory\fP factory)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Schedule.java.
.SS "synchronized \fBMessage\fP Schedule::receive (\fBMessageTag\fP messageTag)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBScheduling\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file Schedule.java.
.SS "synchronized \fBEmpty\fP Schedule::send (\fBAgent\fP agent, \fBMessage\fP message, \fBMessageTag\fP messageTag)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBScheduling\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file Schedule.java.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Action Java Compiler Runtime from the source code.