.TH "Store" 3 "13 Sep 2002" "Action Java Compiler Runtime" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Store \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBStoring\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized \fBCell\fP \fBcreate\fP (\fBStorable\fP o)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized \fBEmpty\fP \fBdestroy\fP (\fBCell\fP cell) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized \fBEmpty\fP \fBupdate\fP (\fBCell\fP cell, \fBStorable\fP o) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized \fBStorable\fP \fBinspect\fP (\fBCell\fP cell) throws \fBExceptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBtoString\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinitStore\fP (\fBDataFactory\fP factory)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinitStore\fP (\fBDataFactory\fP factory, int cap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinitStore\fP (\fBDataFactory\fP factory, int cap, int loadf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Store \fBgetStore\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "synchronized \fBCell\fP Store::create (\fBStorable\fP o)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBStoring\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file Store.java.
.SS "synchronized \fBEmpty\fP Store::destroy (\fBCell\fP cell)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBStoring\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file Store.java.
.SS "Store Store::getStore ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file Store.java.
.SS "void Store::initStore (\fBDataFactory\fP factory, int cap, int loadf)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file Store.java.
.SS "void Store::initStore (\fBDataFactory\fP factory, int cap)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file Store.java.
.SS "void Store::initStore (\fBDataFactory\fP factory)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file Store.java.
.SS "synchronized \fBStorable\fP Store::inspect (\fBCell\fP cell)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBStoring\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file Store.java.
.SS "String Store::toString ()"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file Store.java.
.SS "synchronized \fBEmpty\fP Store::update (\fBCell\fP cell, \fBStorable\fP o)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBStoring\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file Store.java.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Action Java Compiler Runtime from the source code.