.TH "Unfold" 3 "13 Sep 2002" "Action Java Compiler Runtime" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Unfold \- Describe class \fCUnfold\fP here. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBException\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUnfold\fP (\fBData\fP data)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a new \fCUnfold\fP instance.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBData\fP \fBgetData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDescribe \fCgetData\fP method here.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBData\fP \fBunfold\fP (\fBData\fP data) throws Unfold"
.br
.RI "\fIDescribe \fCunfold\fP method here.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Describe class \fCUnfold\fP here.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Tijs van der Storm 
.PP
\fBVersion: \fP
.in +1c
1.0 
.PP
Definition at line 12 of file Unfold.java.
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Unfold::Unfold (\fBData\fP data)"
.PP
Creates a new \fCUnfold\fP instance.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIdata\fP\fP
a \fC\fBData\fP\fP value 
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file Unfold.java.
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBData\fP Unfold::getData ()"
.PP
Describe \fCgetData\fP method here.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
a \fC\fBData\fP\fP value 
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file Unfold.java.
.SS "\fBData\fP Unfold::unfold (\fBData\fP data)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Describe \fCunfold\fP method here.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIdata\fP\fP
given \fC\fBData\fP\fP  
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
nothing 
.PP
\fBExceptions: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIUnfold\fP\fP
 is always thrown with the given data 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file Unfold.java.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Action Java Compiler Runtime from the source code.